Hide and Seek:
The Game will start with players joining the Game World (assuming Game Commands have already been installed)
with an IJoinWorldMsg, from there they will be asked to choose between the Hiding Team and the Seeking Team.
When they have selected, their game client will send an ISetGroupMsg to everybody else in the Game World. The
person who created the game can then start the game. The game will take place on a continuous landmass of the world
and the goal of the Seeking Team is to find the Hiding Team. The goal of the Hiding Team is to remain hidden for 5
minutes. The game will end either when 5 minutes have passed or the number of people on the Hiding Team who have not
been found is equal to 0.

The game will be played by each person telling everyone the direction in which they
want to move. Thus they will move a fixed distance in that direction and then their game client will determine if 
there is anybody within a certain radius. Each player can only see another player if they are within a certain radius
of each other, regardless of team. In order to "find" a member of the Hiding Team, a member of the Seeking Team must
get within a certain distance of them. This distance is smaller than the distance at which the Hiding Team Player is
visible to the Seeking Team player.

Since having each movement involve sending a message to every other person in the
Game World asking where they are, our game will implement it such that every player will have the location of every
other player stored in their Mixed Data Dictionary (MDD), thus when another player tells them that they are moving, they 
update this information in their MDD. Similarly when they move, they only need to look within their MDD to determine
if their are any other players who are close enough to be visible. If 5 minutes pass and not all the Hiding Team Members
have been found, then the Hiding Team wins, otherwise when all the Hiding Team members have been found, the Seeking Team
will win.

Leaving the game in our game is similar to leaving the world and once the everyone else has been notified that
you have left they can remove you from their MDD and their list of people in the Game World. Players leaving will not
affect the status of the game since the winning condition does not depend on the number of players on either team.
If the number of players on the Hiding Team drops to 0 then the seeking team will win because the condition "the number
of people on the Hiding Team who have not been found is equal to 0" will be fulfilled. Similarly if the number of people
on the Seeking Team drops to 0 then there will be no way for the Hidng Team member to be found and they will win
after 5 minutes elapse. As for communication both Hiding Team and Seeking Team members have the ability to communicate
with everybody on their team and everybody in the world, however Seeking Team members also have the ability to send
coordinates to their team.

In summary, this is Hide and Seek but on a map.